*rainyuxia0112* (Please write your name) 


### Overall Grade: 90/110

### Quality of report: 9/10

-   Is the homework submitted (git tag time) before deadline?  

	Yes. `Jan 25, 2019, 10:29 PM PST`       

-   Is the final report in a human readable format html? 

    Yes. `html`.

-   Is the report prepared as a dynamic document (R markdown) for better reproducibility?

    Yes. `Rmd`.

-   Is the report clear (whole sentences, typos, grammar)? Do readers have a clear idea what's going on and how are results produced by just reading the report? (-1 pt)

	  Include more explanations. 

### Correctness and efficiency of solution: 50/60

-   Q1 (10/10)

-   Q2 (18/20)

	\#5. (-2 pts) Note that the first two lines in `NYCHVS_1991.csv` are headers. Add `tail -n +3` to remove headers. For example, 
	
	```bash 
	tail -n +3 /home/m280data/NYCHVS/NYCHVS_1991.csv | 
		awk -F, '{print $2}' | sort | uniq -c
	```
	
	You may use something like
	
	```bash 
	tail -n +3 /home/m280data/NYCHVS/NYCHVS_1991.csv | 
		awk -F, '{print $2}' | sort | uniq -c
	```

	
-   Q3 (9/15)

	\#1. (-5 pts) Missing answer. 
	
	\#3. (-1 pt) Explain the output? 

	
-  Q4 (13/15)
	
	\#3. (-2 pts) Do not fill in the table yourself. The table generated by `table.R` looks crude. Try using `kable`.

  
 
### Usage of Git: 6/10

-   Are branches (`master` and `develop`) correctly set up? Is the hw submission put into the `master` branch? 

    Yes. 

-   Are there enough commits? Are commit messages clear? (-2 pts)

    9 commits for hw1 in `develop` branch. 
    **Make sure** to start version control from the very beginning of a project. Make as many commits as possible during the process. 

                  
-   Is the hw1 submission tagged? 

	Yes. 

-   Are the folders (`hw1`, `hw2`, ...) created correctly? 

    Yes.
  
-   Do not put a lot auxiliary files into version control. (-2 pts) 

	Exclude `.Rproj` from `master` branch. No need to include files such as `n100.txt`, ... as they should be reproducible from running `hw1solutin.Rmd`.
	
### Reproducibility: 10/10

-   Are the materials (files and instructions) submitted to the `master` branch sufficient for reproducing all the results? Just click the `knit` button will produce the final `html` on teaching server? 

	Yes. 
	
-   If necessary, are there clear instructions, either in report or in a separate file, how to reproduce the ressults?

    Yes.

### R code style: 15/20

-   [Rule 3.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml#linelength) The maximum line length is 80 characters.  (-2 pts) 

	Some violations:
	- `autoSim.R`: line 10 
	- `table.R`: line 26
	
-   [Rule 4.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml#indentation) When indenting your code, use two spaces.

-   [Rule 5.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml#spacing) Place spaces around all binary operators (=, +, -, &lt;-, etc.).  (-1 pt)

	Some violations:
	- `runSim.R`: line 26
	
-   [Rule 5.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml#spacing) Do not place a space before a comma, but always place one after a comma. (-2 pts) 

	Some violations:
	- `runSim.R`: line 33, 35, 37, 40
	
	
-   [Rule 5.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml#spacing) Place a space before left parenthesis, except in a function call.

-   [Rule 5.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml#spacing) Do not place spaces around code in parentheses or square brackets.
